[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Randy Cramer.
Randy shares with
us his experience
in a secret space program.
Randy, welcome.
>>RANDY CRAMER: Thanks.
Glad to be here.
>>EMERY: Randy, there's many
different clandestine programs
out there, both military,
corporate, and then you have,
of course, the SSP program
that you were involved with.
What's the differences
between all these entities
and agencies?
>>CRAMER: Well, over the decades
that we've been doing this,
you've had a number of programs
that have developed out
of much earlier programs decades
ago from corporate programs,
independent contractor,
reverse engineering programs,
the various military
intelligence agency programs.
Essentially, any one that
could acquire the information
to develop the
technology has done so,
and who could somehow
acquire the funding to do so
has done so.
Because when you have
the ability to say, hey,
we have a stake in
this game, we have
technology that gets
us a seat at the table,
then that gives
that organization,
or that group of
military intelligence
or corporate personnel to
participate in the larger
program.
And it's competitive
in that sense.
Everyone wants to develop
the best propulsion system.
Everyone wants to develop the
best directed energy weapon.
Everyone wants to develop
the best genetic augmentation
program, so that they
have some kind of edge
over somebody else's program.
Mostly just to satisfy egos
or monetary compensation,
to be honest with you.
So it's just a conglomeration
of every stakeholder, everyone
who has the ability to develop
that technology, to put it
into the larger pool.
And also because,
you know, we've
been doing this for decades.
But we haven't come to a point
where we've made the best
spaceship or the best weapon.
So it's a constant
development process.
And engineers are constantly
developing in the direction
that they feel is
the direction to go,
so that we can
develop 20 or more
different parallel programs so
that maybe in another 50 years,
we'll see what's the
best ship we can make.
What's the best
weapon we can make.
What's the best augmentation
that we can get.
So we kind of call it
the grand cluster fudge,
except we usually
don't say fudge.
Because it's just
really this mishmash
of so many different agencies
and so many different programs
that have developed over
decades that, in some cases,
loosely participate, and in
some cases are way more tight,
you know, as far as
allies or friends,
than other departments
or other agencies.
Some programs work very
reluctantly together.
You know, we all
sort of reluctantly
work with the Schwabenlanders
because we have to.
And they sort of work with
us because they have to.
But it's not really because
either side likes it.
>>EMERY: What are the origins
of the covert military space
program?
Like, when did it
actually begin?
>>CRAMER: Well, there could be
some debate or argument there,
depending on how far
you want to go back
and what technology, you
know, has been sort of
acquired that far back.
But I would say our
main starting point
is really about World War II.
If you want to say that
our own space program is
our own ships, our own
personnel, our own equipment,
that was--
I would say the research
and development process
of that began in the '40s.
But I would say
by the mid 1950s,
we had our first
sort of few vehicles
that we could patrol
around in, our own pilots.
So that would be
the fledgling stages
of the covert military space
program, would be, you know,
'40s and '50s.
>>EMERY: Where are they
getting their funding from?
>>CRAMER: Oh, a
combination of places.
I would suggest that there's a
certain amount of funding that
comes from the banking industry,
the global banking system.
There are some
private investors,
when you talk about some of
the very wealthiest families
on the planet who are investing.
But you also have military
intelligence and rogue agencies
who were pulling money out
of the black budget, out
of, let's say, black market
heroin, cocaine, and maybe
other drug manufacturing
production.
There's a lot of different
places that it's coming from.
Not all of it legal, some of
it more nefarious than others.
I mean, there's a trillion
or something missing a year
from the general budget.
That doesn't even include
what we're talking about,
the black budget.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>CRAMER: So they're
funneling money off of that.
They're pulling money
out of the black budget.
They're pulling money out of
drug trafficking programs,
plus private investment,
plus the banking industry,
plus what is now an
intergalactic trade business,
where we're manufacturing things
and selling them off-world.
So we're conducting
business off-world
that is also generating
large quantities of money,
which then is often
being reinvested back
into the program.
So my understanding
is, we're not
talking about trillions
of dollars a year.
We're talking in
the quadrillions.
>>EMERY: Right.
What type of trading is going on
up there in the stars with us,
that you're aware--
is it mining?
Is it people?
>>CRAMER: It's a little
bit of everything.
My understanding though, our
top three intergalactic exports
are military technology.
Number two is beer.
And number three is
children's clothing.
Which I would suggest is not
going for children, but maybe
child-sized people.
>>EMERY: Child-sized
people meaning
extraterrestrial origin?
>>CRAMER: Right.
Extraterrestrials who are,
you know, between 3 and 5 feet
tall.
>>EMERY: Have you
seen one of these?
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
Absolutely.
>>EMERY: Let's talk
about the structure--
like, who is actually
running the planet right now,
and these agencies?
Who's that one
percenter, you know?
>>CRAMER: I would suggest, based
on the way I understand it,
that--
let's just say there's
a metaphorical table.
And that at that table, everyone
who's got skin in the game
gets a chair at that table.
And at that table, there's
a lot of discussion, a lot
of maneuvering, deal-making,
so that people can
get what they want out of it.
But that no real one
person at that table
has the authority to
dictate to everyone else.
Because everyone else
has a monkey wrench
that they could throw into
the works if they wanted to.
And in some ways, it's
a big Mexican standoff
where everyone says, well,
if I don't get this, then,
uh, you know, this might
happen, and you know, to ba--
You know, like, uh, nice
business you have here.
It'd be a shame if
something happened to it,
it caught on fire, right,
or something like that.
So it's a little competitive.
But in the same way, it
balances out that way.
So think of it as
a lot of people
competing, but because no one
person or agency can control
the whole thing, at some
point still everyone
has to cooperate at the end of
the day towards a common goal.
So while there may be a lot
of differences, arguments,
disagreements, the
basic questions
about planetary solar
system security,
development, technological
development, you know,
intergalactic trade, those
things are all agreed upon.
And they all find a way to
cooperate so that, you know,
all the people who are
sitting at that table
continue to develop the
technology they want
and make the trillions of
dollars a year that they want.
>>EMERY: So you're saying
there is a lot of ego going on
with these megalomaniacs.
And at the same time, they
have to work together,
because each one of them
has dirt on each other.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
My brigadier has said that
the worst thing that they have
to deal with in
these meetings is
what he calls the CEO
mentality, which is, you know,
I'm going to do it my way.
I don't care what you all think.
And if I don't get
mine, screw you guys.
And so, it's-- yeah.
It's a lot of egos to deal with.
And my brigadier says, it's
like a lot of screaming babies
at the table.
And sometimes you just
gotta hand them a sucker
and then, you
know, they shut up.
>>EMERY: Right.
[LAUGHTER]
Can we break down--
let's look at this
table more definitively.
And let's break it down
to each person there,
I'll say, really, agency, or
organization, corporation.
How many do you actually think
are part of that round table
and, let's get into each one,
or the ones that you know about,
that we can talk about.
>>CRAMER: Wow.
I mean, I would say the
total participants in groups
and agencies is easily
in the hundreds.
You know, we could be
approaching 1,000 or more
different groups or agencies.
Because we are talking about not
just in the continental United
States.
We're talking about globally.
We're talking about most
of the G20 countries
participate in these programs
in one way or another.
So that's a lot of
agencies, and a lot
of military organizations,
a lot of rogue agencies,
a lot of corporate agencies,
a lot of private money,
a lot of banking money, from
a lot of different countries.
And that makes a
lot of small groups
that make up the larger whole.
>>EMERY: At this roundtable,
are there any non-humans?
>>CRAMER: The majority, which
would be more than 90%, 95%,
are terrestrial humans.
There are a few
non-terrestrial personnel
that we have come to
trust enough to include
in that process.
But again, probably easily
95% of the personnel
are terrestrial-born
human persons.
>>EMERY: Are they human-like, or
do you know where they're from?
>>CRAMER: Um.
The species that we're working--
that would be at that
table at the moment,
I would say are
predominantly the type that
look very much like you and
I. Walking down the street,
you might not be able
to tell the difference.
And that comes to something
very basic, which is,
we tend to trust
other species who
look more like us
than we tend to trust
species who don't look like us.
So we're tending to
develop stronger alliances
and friendships with
other humanoid species
that are very similar to us.
And we just tend to be a little
less trusting of other species
if we don't feel like
we can understand
where they're coming from, or
what their true motives might
be.
So, yeah.
Mostly humans.
Tiny percentage, maybe, of
extraterrestrial personnel
who, again, look
mostly like you and us.
>>EMERY: Why are
these non-humans
sitting at this roundtable?
>>CRAMER: Well, everyone
sitting at the table
has a stake or an interest.
And in some cases, I would say
these extraterrestrials are
there because they understand
that their interest is
to attempt to help us
get through this process
without making any
terrible, horrible mistakes.
Think of it as an upperclassman
coming into a lower class
to help out.
They're not necessarily
there because they're
trying to make a bunch of money,
or a bunch of profit, or even
control things.
Moreso to just be a
more experienced being,
person in that scenario that
can help understand the process
and help us understand the
process to make it more smooth
and, hopefully, where we
make less fatal mistakes.
>>EMERY: They're just
there to kind of look over
our shoulders, and
to probably see
what's going on, make
sure we're not making
any really drastic mistakes.
And I've had a little
experience with this,
working on the projects
with extraterrestrials
that look like us.
And that's what they were doing.
They were really just
kind of monitoring us
and help educate us on
things that we just were not
aware of, scientifically.
>>CRAMER: I guess I'd
like to make this point.
Most of those species
understand that if we
engage in an unfettered
military development,
we could become a
greater threat at large
by becoming more and
more militaristic as we
go into space, as opposed to
taking our military strength
as we go into space
and tempering it more
with discipline and wisdom.
Because that's what the
successful species do,
who don't become, you
know, dictatorial,
dominating aggressors.
So I think those species
understand that they're not
just helping us.
They are also trying
to protect and defend
the rest of the
universe at large
from what we could become
if we're not guided
in a more positive direction.
So.
>>EMERY: Getting
back to the table,
we've mentioned
extraterrestrials there.
We mentioned some corporations.
Is there anything else
you'd like to add?
>>CRAMER: Well, I guess, to try
and be more specific, I mean,
there are Naval Space
Command personnel.
Obviously, United States
Marine Corps Special Section
personnel, Air Force
Space Command personnel,
Army Space Command personnel,
CIA Space Command personnel,
NSA Space Command personnel.
I mean, every agency that
has its own technology
is essentially having
some senior administrators
or officers who are given
the intelligence briefings so
that they can make the decisions
and then participate and sit
at that table.
So anyone who is a high level
administrator or officer in any
of those organizations
is very likely
to be having a
seat at that table.
Again, not just in the US, but
in all the other G20 countries
that participate.
>>EMERY: Where are
these meetings held?
>>CRAMER: Well, my
brigadier actually
participates in these meetings
on a very regular basis.
And he tells me that he spends
a lot of his time going back
and forth between New York,
Washington DC, Belgium,
Hong Kong, London, Berlin,
Tokyo, Beijing, and Moscow.
So there's a lot of places where
that these are participating.
And mostly centers of military
intelligence, financial,
government around the world.
So, yeah.
Those are the places that
I know he goes around to.
>>EMERY: Are you aware
of anyone at this table
that is using technology
far more advanced
than we have right now,
for their own personal use?
>>CRAMER: Ooh.
I would suggest that
that happens a lot.
That anytime you
have someone who
is in control of an agency that
has access to that technology,
and access to that equipment, if
it's within their possibility,
I mean, why not have
your own space ship?
Why not have your own crew,
you know, off the books,
off to the side, in case
you have an emergency
and you need to get
the hell out of here?
So I would say that, yeah.
That probably happens a lot.
But I don't think it
happens to a level
where it becomes threatening.
I think most of
where that happens
is self-interest,
protection, where people
are thinking, well,
if this all goes crazy
and the world, you know,
ends up in a major invasion
or going to blow
up, I want to be
able to get my family
and my friends to safety.
So why not have some of their
own equipment, their own ship
and their own crew.
>>EMERY: Could you name, by
name, a few of the corporations
that are possibly part
of this roundtable?
>>CRAMER: Well, I mean,
Northrop Grumman makes the TR3B.
So as an aerospace
contractor, they're
definitely at the table.
Boeing makes a lot of the
components for the spacecraft.
They don't necessarily make
a lot of the entire craft.
But they make a lot
of the components,
a lot of the internal
parts, cabinetry, seating.
Like internal parts that
you would build the ship to.
So they're-- you know, all
the companies, at some point,
have--
especially the aerospace
industry companies--
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>CRAMER: Are building
something that they're
contributing to the whole.
I do know a guy who actually
worked as a contractor
in a B2 factory,
where they were making
components for the wings.
But he also described,
he said, look.
Sometimes we knew we were making
panels that didn't go on a B2,
you know.
But they don't tell you that.
They're just like, hey, we
need more of these panels.
And he's like, these
don't go on a B2.
Why are we making these?
So in some cases,
these programs are
making spacecraft
technology and parts
under the umbrella of other
aircraft, or covert, you know,
experimental aircraft programs,
or military aircraft programs.
So definitely the military
aerospace contractors.
They're in there for sure.
As well as like General
Electric, and some of the tech
companies who, because--
who writes all the
software for everything?
Who's got all the code
monkeys working for them?
I mean, you got to go
to the people who know
how to do that job the best.
So.
And then you've got even
the independent contracting
companies like SpaceX.
Someone asked me one time,
why are these guys still using
rocket technology?
And I said, well, for their
civilian space program,
you better believe they're
using rocket technology.
Because that's the limitation
that they're being given.
But if you don't think
that these contractors,
independent
contractors, are also
developing military technology
to sell to the military
quietly, then you're not
understanding the big picture.
So you know, we may see
the rockets, you know,
that Elon Musk is building.
We're not seeing the
other stuff that he's
building for the military
as a private contractor.
So.
>>EMERY: Or we don't see
what's going into that rocket,
by the way--
>>CRAMER: Right.
>>EMERY: Because
he's now-- you know,
has a lot going on of
moving military to space,
which is kept a secret.
And people are always
asking me, well,
how do the people loading
this thing in the rocket,
you know, not see what it is?
You don't see.
It's in a capsule.
>>CRAMER: Right.
It's an encapsulated
compartment.
It's in a box, or a tube.
I mean, you don't see
what's going in that thing.
Yeah.
>>EMERY: Would you also say--
because of experience with
McDonnell Douglas and Raytheon
and Northrop Grumman, these
people, and these corporations,
I've noticed share
their technology
with other countries.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
>>EMERY: So even though they
make the F15 Eagle here,
we also sell it to Israel.
>>CRAMER: Right.
>>EMERY: So is this happening
also, clandestinely,
with like, a TR3 and these
other, you know, craft,
that we don't get to see?
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
Absolutely.
And then a lot of that has
to do with classification
and clearances.
And I would also
suggest that, you know,
if we're selling
F15s to someone,
we're not selling them
the best of our equipment.
We're selling them F15s, but
we've got better than F15s.
So we may be selling,
you know, TR3Bs
that are designs that
are decades-old to some
of these countries, while
the ones we're building
are much fresher, newer
and shinier-looking.
So.
Even though we're
sharing that technology
with other countries, we're not
sharing the latest, bestest,
newest technology with them.
We're sharing the
older technology
with them, which
is still advanced,
but it's not the newest we got.
>>EMERY: Right.
It's like the iPhone.
There's already an iPhone 25.
>>CRAMER: Right.
>>EMERY: It's just
sitting on the shelf.
They don't want give
it to us all at once.
>>CRAMER: Right.
>>EMERY: And they do the same
thing, is what you're saying.
>>CRAMER: Right.
They want to milk every dollar
they can from each component,
for sure.
>>EMERY: Are the
corporate space agencies
different than the
military agencies?
>>CRAMER: Very.
To be honest, I have to
speak very honestly here.
It's not an area that
I'm super familiar with.
But I do know a
few people who have
served in those departments.
And I don't know.
The best way that I can
describe it as my understanding
is, profit-oriented.
Ethics, you know, kind
of off to the side.
So the corporate
programs are kind
of what you'd think they are.
They're there to make a profit.
And they don't necessarily
care how they do it.
>>EMERY: Do the corporate space
agencies and military space
agencies ever come into
conflict with each other?
>>CRAMER: Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
In fact, I can
recall an incident.
So in my teens,
before my deployment,
I was being deployed with
terrestrial special forces
units as part of my
training process.
And there was an
event when we were--
let's just say somewhere
in South America,
without me being too specific.
And a extraterrestrial
vehicle crashed
in the middle of the jungle.
And we were immediately
told to head for the site
and secure the site.
So we got there first,
secured the site.
But then two other,
you know, black camo,
you know, special forces
units showed up and were like,
yeah, well, we were
ordered to secure the site.
And we're like, yeah,
well, we've got the site.
And they're like, OK.
Backed off a few hundred
yards, and then opened fire.
And we basically had
a firefight over who
got to get the spaceship.
So.
>>EMERY: Oh, my.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
That technology is invaluable.
And so the forces on
the ground were just
told to start
shooting at each other
in order to see who could
secure the piece of equipment.
>>EMERY: Does this
happen regularly?
>>CRAMER: Well, I can
only remember personally
the one incident.
But I would suggest, if
it happened that time,
it happens other times.
I don't think it was an anomaly,
based on the way it went down.
>>EMERY: I would think they'd
be a little bit more civilized.
But I do understand
the competition factor
that's out there, as far
as reverse engineering
the technology.
And they will kill for it.
>>CRAMER: Well,
interestingly enough, I
think everyone in this situation
actually was very civilized.
When we all sort
of were standing
there talking to one
another, everyone
was very polite and
communicating politely
to one another.
And when everyone
started to back off,
the Sergeant Major that
was with us was like, OK.
Take some cover and get ready.
Like, he knew pretty much
what was going to happen.
But everyone was
polite about it.
But you know, they had their
orders to secure the site.
We had our orders
to secure the site.
And that just became a conflict
of interest at that point,
that, you know, forces on
the ground do what they do,
which is start
shooting at each other.
>>EMERY: Right.
Yeah.
The audience needs to know,
being in the military, when
you get an order, even though
you might not agree with it,
you know, you follow out the
order to its completeness.
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
>>EMERY: Even if,
you know, it happens
to be another team
that you actually know.
And so if this is
happening somewhere
on some planet, a shootout,
or even on this planet,
over a craft, I know
that these agencies that
are shooting each other--
you know, they have a boss.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
>>EMERY: And those people at
the table, what's happening
at that table at that point?
Or after the fight?
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
Good question.
I imagine that's when there's
finger pointing and shouting,
and you know, then people start
dealmaking, and, oh, yeah,
sorry about that.
Here's something to
compensate you for that.
I mean, you know, again.
>>EMERY: Yes.
I've seen this.
>>CRAMER: At some
point, they end up
working out a deal that
they all can live with.
So.
>>EMERY: Yes.
I've seen them make exchanges
for the loss of many people.
And they don't blink
an eye over it.
It's just part of doing
business, to be honest.
>>CRAMER: Yep.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
It's all numbers on a
spreadsheet to them, I think.
So.
>>EMERY: What force at the
table actually dominates,
pretty much?
Because I know there's
like a percentage.
I think it's like 10% actually
control the 90% at the table,
because they have a
little bit more firepower,
and a little bit
more knowledge, also.
>>CRAMER: Right.
Definitely the United
States dominates.
A good way to think of it is--
I mean, I guess, basically
looking at the corporate model,
think of this table as
a board of directors,
where everyone is a shareholder.
And not everyone has the
same amount of shares.
So one person or agency
may have more shares
than another person.
But no one has enough shares
to tell everyone what to do.
So that's why there's still
the sort of competitive,
you know, agreeing.
But the US definitely has
more shares at the table.
>>EMERY: How far
do they actually
go into the universe, these
corporations, are you aware of?
>>CRAMER: Well, certainly
my understanding is,
we have taken some
pretty lengthy distances
throughout our own galaxy.
And without, again, it
being really my area,
I am also to understand
that we are exploring
beyond our own galaxy.
So we've been to other places.
I would suggest from what I know
that any individual agency is
going to go as far as they
seem to think that it is safe,
or risk-worthy for them to go.
And as long as there is a profit
motive, or a profit margin
that they can look at, they'll
look at that risk reward
sort of equation and go
as far as they think they
can continue to make profits.
>>EMERY: What is the covert
military space program, Randy?
>>CRAMER: Well, every military
agency that has programs
definitely cooperates
together in a way,
because they understand that
they have a common ideology
in a way that, let's say, the
corporate personnel don't.
Corporate personnel are, do what
you gotta do for profit motive.
Military personnel are
a little bit more to,
we will sacrifice what
we have to sacrifice
for the common good within
some boundary of morals, ethics
and standards.
Because without that,
they're just corporatists.
So military tradition
that goes back centuries
has a lot to do with honor,
integrity, following the rules,
setting a better example.
So these are things
that continue
to pervade military
agencies around the world.
And so, military agencies
find that common ground.
And it's much easier for them
to therefore come together
under this umbrella of
covert military space program
activities.
>>EMERY: Wow.
I'm so glad there
is a balance there.
I think the military helps
balance these corporations
to an extent, like you said.
>>CRAMER: No question.
In fact, without them
we'd be in deep doo doo,
again, to use PG language.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
What are your insights
to their agenda?
>>CRAMER: The covert
military space program?
Pretty simple and
straightforward.
Planetary solar system defense.
And the survival
and continuation
of civilization on planet Earth
is their number one priority.
The probably number
two priority for that
is going to be exploration,
colonies, and protecting trade.
Because trade is the lifeblood
of our intergalactic solar
system terrestrial economy.
And the military definitely
wants to protect that for sure.
So, basically, they would
like to keep order, keep
the planet safe, keep us
from destroying ourselves,
and keep anybody
else from, you know,
invading or not being able
to put us in a position
where we can't decide
our own fate and destiny.
>>EMERY: Is there an
extraterrestrial invasion,
or a threat that you've
heard of, in the projects?
>>CRAMER: Well, something that
changes constantly over time.
So if we were to talk about
what the major threats
extraterrestrial
were 20 years ago,
they're not the same
that they are now.
If we were to consider what
the potentials for invasion,
and or, let's say,
hoax invasion,
that's changed over time.
The actual plan on paper for
how a hoax invasion might look
has changed over time.
And I would suggest
that at some point,
there has to be a major
shift in the way these two
separate worlds exist.
We have this sort of
normal civilian world
on planet Earth that most people
that we walk down the street
and meet every day--
that's their reality.
And then we have this advanced
military extraterrestrial
super-technology program that
has this kind of other reality.
Some people have
referred to that
as a breakaway civilization.
I would kind of just really
call that a separation
of the civilization
that we have,
which kind of understands
now that they're
more dependent they are
on one another than they
can be independent
of one another.
So the realization is
that at some point,
these two worlds have
to come together.
And it's more than
likely that in order
to engage that
bringing it together,
it's going to have to happen in
a way in which is undeniable,
forced, to be honest
with you, because there
is some resistance that's
not going to like it.
And some people are just
going to have to live with it.
And all sort of encompassing.
So I would say that
whatever event we
might be looking at
in the future for us
to transition into
a pre-disclosure
to a post-disclosure
environment,
probably will involve some
sort of invasion scenario.
Um.
There are things I could say
more about that that I probably
shouldn't say more about that.
But I would suggest that
big change is on its way.
I mean, just looking
at the history
of how we've come closer
and closer and closer
to a disclosure moment.
Anyone who's looking at
what's happening around us
would have to say that we're
getting closer and closer.
And I would suggest that
as we get closer and closer
to something that's
an inevitable
moment, wherever and whatever
that is, that we're just
continuing to close that gap.
And I think that gap is
pretty small right now.
And we don't have far
between now and that point.
>>EMERY: Is this why the United
States Space Force was maybe
put in place?
>>CRAMER: Well, the
Space Force is certainly
a front organization.
It's not necessarily
something brand new
that's never been there before.
But it certainly
gives us an open door
to get a foot through.
And without going into the
complexities of how that's
ironing itself out,
because how it was proposed
isn't necessarily
how it's working out.
So let me put it this way.
Space Force was proposed.
And there is a process between
Air Force Space Command,
US Space Command, which
is a command agency which
covers all of the space program
agencies, which I have said
to people before-- you
don't have a US Space
Command unless you
have deployable forces.
So, you know, to
have an organization
like US Space Command, which
tells the other programs
and commands what to do,
means that there's probably
something going on there.
So Space Force was
proposed, but at the moment,
there seems to be some
attempt to declaw it,
and make the director
not have the power
that it was proposed for
the director to have.
And there's some
talk about having
the director of Air
Force Space Command
move in and take
over Space Force.
So there's some contention
in that process right now.
Who knows how it's
actually going to work out.
But I would suggest that
the main purpose of that
was, again, to just get the
ball a little farther down
the field, maybe give us
a crack open in the door
so that we can say, oh, look
what Space Force developed.
And look at this new
aircraft that we just made,
even if it's something
that we made 30 years ago.
So.
>>EMERY: Right.
That's the other thing I wanted
to let the audience know too.
Maybe you can
verify this for me.
Is that the Space Force has
already been there, forever.
>>CRAMER: For decades, yeah.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
And now, I think it
is something where
they're trying to, you know,
let people, like, break them
in slowly.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
>>EMERY: The civilian world.
>>EMERY: To say, OK, we are
going amongst the stars.
We are bringing our
military up there.
And that was my next question.
And you kind of
went a little bit
around that is, where's
it going to fall under?
Is it going to be, you know,
the Air Force, or the Army,
or another corporate
entity, which it can't be.
>>CRAMER: Right.
>>EMERY: Because
it's [INAUDIBLE]..
>>CRAMER: Right.
And that's all being ironed out.
The last report that I read
on that that was published
in the media was outlining
sort of the struggle
and what's happening with there.
And I would just say that
it's being ironed out.
And we don't know what the end
result of that is going to be,
yet.
But, oh yeah.
We've had a Space
Force for decades.
>>EMERY: Do you
think that this force
was put there also to protect
us from malevolent ETs?
>>CRAMER: Well,
certainly, the goal
is to protect us from
anything that can harm us.
And I would say that as we
have developed that technology,
and have grown
stronger, it gives us
the ability to tell certain
species, you can leave now.
And if you don't want
to leave voluntarily,
we'll escort you out.
And if you don't want
to be escorted out,
then we'll evaporate
you and blow you
off the surface of whatever
moon you may be sitting on
at the moment.
So as we get stronger,
we have the ability
to be self-determined
and decide who and what
we want to be in our domain.
And that gives us the ability
to sort of tell which forces we
want to have shuffle along.
Because certain
extraterrestrial species
who've been manipulating
in the process
only have the ability
to do so to the point
that they have the strength
or technology to do so.
The minute that we have
the strength of technology
to tell them no is the
moment that that negotiation
can completely change.
>>EMERY: Well, they are coming
here and visiting and shutting
down our nuke sites.
>>CRAMER: Right.
>>EMERY: So it
looks like they're
looking out for us in a way.
>>CRAMER: Some certainly are.
I mean, I think a
really good point
to understand the
extraterrestrial community is
there's no such thing as a
good alien or a bad alien.
No such thing.
There are good individuals.
There are bad individuals, if
you want to be binary about it.
We could also say
there are those
who are more interested
in self-interest,
those who are more interested
in helping everybody.
So even from species to
species, we don't necessarily
have everyone's our friend,
everyone's our enemy.
It's very muddled, to
be honest with you.
So I think just as the
process continues to develop,
our goal is to push
everyone out of the yard
that we think is a problem,
and hopefully keep people
in the backyard
barbecue who you know,
aren't going to
burn the house down,
to use some metaphor that
just came out of my head.
>>EMERY: We have all
these spacecraft.
We have special satellites.
We have special types of
missiles and rockets in space.
Why aren't these
average astronomers
out there picking this up.
Why can't we see this?
>>CRAMER: Two answers to that.
One, they are, when
they're looking.
Most of the time people,
just don't look up.
But it turns out when people
do look up, they see things.
But the reason they
don't see everything
is we have developed pretty
sophisticated cloaking
technology at this point.
So most of the military and
corporate craft are cloaked.
And so you're just
not going to see them.
They're going to be
invisible in the sky.
You can see them with infrared.
I do know some people that are
using infrared cameras, hooking
up infrared cameras
to their telescopes.
They're seeing a lot
more with infrared
than you're seeing
with the naked eye.
Because it's a lot
harder to hide that heat
signature than it is to hide
that visible light spectrum.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
I noticed we use a lot of
thermal and infrared goggles
and telescopes when we go
out on our expeditions,
looking at the sky.
And there could be a craft right
there, 100 feet off the ground.
You would not see it.
With these special
light spectrums
that give us more to see,
it's like right there.
So I think it's a good idea
for the audience to get out
there and start looking up.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
Just about everything
gives off heat.
So even if it's not visible
within visible light,
you're very likely to
still be able to detect
the infrared signature,
because there's
going to be some heat
differential between the object
and the surrounding temperature.
>>EMERY: And one
of the things with
electrogravitic technology,
that really doesn't give off
too much of any type of
heat signature or anything
like that.
However, I have seen
anti-gravitic craft
that were actually colder
than the surrounding area.
>>CRAMER: Hm.
That's interesting.
I could see how that
could happen, sure.
I mean, certainly,
these vehicles
are using different types
of generators, engines.
Not all of them are generating
large amounts of heat.
But most of them, you know, have
an internal cabin temperature.
But then again,
some life forms may
prefer the cabin temperature
lower than maybe we do.
We like 70 degrees.
Maybe some other species
like it way cooler.
>>EMERY: Randy, thanks
for coming on the show.
I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]